about a year ago is for friends from
four different countries who adjustments
we asked ourselves what is the craziest
way for us to spend our summer going
against what everybody expected from us
and what we expected from ourselves this
motivation gave birth to something we
call Project 30 we spend an entire month
doing 30 things we've never done before
and documenting every single day of the
journey on this channel now there's
something we've never told you in
February of this year we spent another
one of the craziest months of our lives
by doing an entire project 30 this time
while traveling in four different
countries in the Caribbean so ladies and
gentlemen starting this Monday and for
the next eight weeks we're gonna be
releasing four days of the adventure at
a time from Mondays to Thursdays and
days zero the adventure comes tomorrow
as the last heads up we recommend that
you watch this series on your phone
since was filming for snapchat discover
but we're also going to be filming an
additional video every single week to
answer some of your questions and give
you some of the secrets of how we
accomplish some of these adventures all
I can say is it was one hell of an
adventure and I'll see you tomorrow
so also if you have not subscribed you
got to do that right now
and you got to like this video share to
your friends because this is gonna be
pretty epic
now we'll actually see